So there are so many different ways to transition
from one record to the next: you can use cues,
you can use sound effects.
I'm about to actually give you an example
of using a sound effect to transition from
one record to the next.
I have a Reggae record on my right deck, like
a hip-hop-, R&amp;B-type track on my left
deck.
OK, I'm going to start with the right deck,
a Reggae song.
So that was an example of using an echo or
delay as a transition, to transition from
the reggae record to the R&amp;B hip-hop track.
So many ways of doing that, so many different
effects that you can use, you can, you know,
flange, whatever effects you want to use.
There's even customizable effects that you
can actually tweak yourself, you know, and
save the settings.
You can also use sound effects, which I like
to use as well, horns, there might be some
vocal drops that I can use as a transition,
like if I'm DJ'ing for an internet radio show,
and I'm playing a hip-hop set, I might want
to use a vocal drop of someone saying my name:
"You're listening to DJ DP One, on whatever
show," and then it'll just transition into
the next song.
Or sometimes, I might want to just stop the
music completely, and play a sample of something
to get the crowd, you know, revved up or whatever,
and then I'll just segue or transition into
the next song.
So, there's so many ways to go about it, you
know.
The golden rule is to just keep it as smooth
as possible so it's not an abrupt change.